=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

MultiTenancy - group agents and customer users

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is an OTRS extension package (OPM) providing dedicated resources for
groups of agents and customers.

MultiTenenacy makes that an agent user can see a customer user if (and only if)
they both are members of the same group. Any group will do. Best to create your
own groups.

For example: create one group per customer company. Assign all customer users
of this company to the group. Then, choose which of your agents should be
allowed to interact with this customer. Assign them to the group, too. As for
the root/superuser, assign it to all groups.

The group membership can be direct, or via roles (for agents users) and customer
companies (for customer users). E.g. I have a role for each internal ticket,
i.e. customer users in our companies, and roles for different kinds of customer
companies (depending on the kind of service are subscribed to).

Next, create a separate queue for each of these permission groups. This is
somewhat redundant, but it is necessary because ticket permissions in OTRS are
granted by queue, not by group. Each queue has a single group. This makes the
connection between agent users and tickets.

If you have to control customer users' access to tickets, use services. There
is a relation between customer users to services. It does not use groups,
unfortunately.

The setting CustomerGroupSupport must be enabled, but this is already done by
installing MultiTenancy.opm.

=head1 SYSCONFIG SETTINGS

There is a new setting B<MultiTenancy> that allows switching the feature off
and on.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (c) 2023 by Othmar Wigger <othmar.wigger@terreactive.ch>

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the Gnu Affero General Public License version 3.

This package is provided "as is" and without any express or implied
warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

=cut
